Doc: Update porting guide for routed ports (#5488)
aristanetworks/ansible-avd: docs/porting-guides/5.x.x.md

+       encapsulation: unmatched
```

> #### routed ports configuration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Routed ports configuration
```

> In AVD 4.0.0, the configuration for routed ports `no switchport` in ethernet interfaces and port-channel interfaces was rendered if `ethernet_interfaces[].type` or `port_channel_interfaces[].type` was set to `routed`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In AVD 4.x, the `no switchport` command was rendered for Ethernet and Port-Channel interfaces when `ethernet_interfaces[].type` or `port_channel_interfaces[].type` was set to `routed`.
```

Author: yeah this was a copy paste of what we have above.. we probably don't care")

> With AVD 5.0.0, the dependency on the `type` key for rendering the configuration of `vlan_id` in ethernet and port-channel interfaces has been removed. Instead the following should be used:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With AVD 5.0.0, the dependency on the `type` key for rendering `no switchport` in Ethernet and Port-Channel interfaces has been removed. Instead the following should be used:
```
